README.md, before:

# scroll
In its present form, scroll is a python-based command line utility for generating meeting list PDFs from [tomato](https://github.com/jbraswell/tomato). In the future, scroll will be a full-featured website for generating meeting list PDFs.

## Installation
Scroll requires Python 3, [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/), and [pyfpdf](https://github.com/reingart/pyfpdf).

1. [Install python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. [Install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/)
3. Install requests: `pip3 install requests`
4. Install pyfpdf: `pip3 install fpdf`

No effort has been made to create a proper pypi package for scroll, so you'll need to clone this repository. After cloning, you can run `scroll.py` with `python3`. See the examples below.
 
## Usage
```
$ python3 scroll.py --help
usage: scroll [-h] [--recursive] [--main-header-field {weekday,city}]
              [--second-header-field {weekday,city}] [--bookletize]
              [--time-column-width TIME_COLUMN_WIDTH]
              [--duration-column-width DURATION_COLUMN_WIDTH]
              [--meeting-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}]
              [--meeting-font-size MEETING_FONT_SIZE]
              [--header-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}]
              [--header-font-size HEADER_FONT_SIZE]
              service_body_ids {letter,legal,tabloid} output_file

positional arguments:
  service_body_ids      Comma-separated list of service body ids. Scroll will
                        retrieve the meetings for these service bodies from
                        tomato
  {letter,legal,tabloid}
                        The paper size you intend to use when printing the PDF
  output_file           The path to the PDF file generated by scroll

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --recursive           If set, all meetings belonging to child service bodies
                        of the specified service_body_ids will be included
  --main-header-field {weekday,city}
                        The primary header field to use when generating the
                        PDF. Defaults to weekday
  --second-header-field {weekday,city}
                        The secondary header field to use when generating the
                        PDF. Defaults to none
  --bookletize          For use with printers without a 'booklet' option. Two
                        booklet pages per PDF page
  --time-column-width TIME_COLUMN_WIDTH
                        The width, in mm, of the meeting start time column.
                        Defaults to 20
  --duration-column-width DURATION_COLUMN_WIDTH
                        The width, in mm, of the meeting duration column.
                        Defaults to 15
  --meeting-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}
                        The font used for each meeting. Defaults to dejavusans
  --meeting-font-size MEETING_FONT_SIZE
                        The font size used for each meeting. Defaults to 10
  --header-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}
                        The font used for headers. Defaults to dejavusans
  --header-font-size HEADER_FONT_SIZE
                        The font size used for headers. Defaults to 10 
```

## Examples
#### Example 1
Generate example_1.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service bodies 753 and 751
```
python3 scroll.py 753,751 letter example_1.pdf
```
Output: [example_1.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_1.pdf)

#### Example 2
Generate example_2.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service body 762 and its children
```
$ python3 scroll.py 762 letter example_2.pdf --recursive
```
Output: [example_2.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_2.pdf)

#### Example 3
Generate example_3.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service bodies 753 and 751, customizing the meeting font
```
$ python3 scroll.py 753,751 letter example_3.pdf --meeting-font=dejavuserif
```
Output: [example_3.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_3.pdf)

#### Example 4
Generate example_4.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service body 762 and its children, adding secondary 'city' headers, changing font sizes to 8, changing the width of the time and duration columns
```
$ python3 scroll.py 762 letter example_4.pdf \
    --recursive \
    --main-header-field=weekday \
    --second-header-field=city \
    --meeting-font-size=8 \
    --header-font-size=8 \
    --time-column-width=15 \
    --duration-column-width=10
```
Output: [example_4.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_4.pdf)

#### Example 5
Generate example_5.pdf, same as previous, but bookletized
```
$ python3 scroll.py 762 letter example_5.pdf \
    --recursive \
    --bookletize \
    --main-header-field=weekday \
    --second-header-field=city \
    --meeting-font-size=8 \
    --header-font-size=8 \
    --time-column-width=15 \
    --duration-column-width=10
```
Output: [example_5.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_5.pdf)

Commit message:

Make color of meeting separator line configurable

README.md, after:

# scroll
In its present form, scroll is a python-based command line utility for generating meeting list PDFs from [tomato](https://github.com/jbraswell/tomato). In the future, scroll will be a full-featured website for generating meeting list PDFs.

## Installation
Scroll requires Python 3, [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/), and [pyfpdf](https://github.com/reingart/pyfpdf).

1. [Install python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. [Install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/)
3. Install requests: `pip3 install requests`
4. Install pyfpdf: `pip3 install fpdf`

No effort has been made to create a proper pypi package for scroll, so you'll need to clone this repository. After cloning, you can run `scroll.py` with `python3`. See the examples below.
 
## Usage
```
$ python3 scroll.py --help
usage: scroll [-h] [--recursive] [--main-header-field {weekday,city}]
              [--second-header-field {weekday,city}] [--bookletize]
              [--time-column-width TIME_COLUMN_WIDTH]
              [--duration-column-width DURATION_COLUMN_WIDTH]
              [--meeting-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}]
              [--meeting-font-size MEETING_FONT_SIZE]
              [--header-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}]
              [--header-font-size HEADER_FONT_SIZE]
              [--meeting-separator-color MEETING_SEPARATOR_COLOR]
              service_body_ids {letter,legal,tabloid} output_file

positional arguments:
  service_body_ids      Comma-separated list of service body ids. Scroll will
                        retrieve the meetings for these service bodies from
                        tomato
  {letter,legal,tabloid}
                        The paper size you intend to use when printing the PDF
  output_file           The path to the PDF file generated by scroll

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --recursive           If set, all meetings belonging to child service bodies
                        of the specified service_body_ids will be included
  --main-header-field {weekday,city}
                        The primary header field to use when generating the
                        PDF. Defaults to weekday
  --second-header-field {weekday,city}
                        The secondary header field to use when generating the
                        PDF. Defaults to none
  --bookletize          For use with printers without a 'booklet' option. Two
                        booklet pages per PDF page
  --time-column-width TIME_COLUMN_WIDTH
                        The width, in mm, of the meeting start time column.
                        Defaults to 20
  --duration-column-width DURATION_COLUMN_WIDTH
                        The width, in mm, of the meeting duration column.
                        Defaults to 15
  --meeting-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}
                        The font used for each meeting. Defaults to dejavusans
  --meeting-font-size MEETING_FONT_SIZE
                        The font size used for each meeting. Defaults to 10
  --header-font {dejavusans,dejavuserif}
                        The font used for headers. Defaults to dejavusans
  --header-font-size HEADER_FONT_SIZE
                        The font size used for headers. Defaults to 10
  --meeting-separator-color MEETING_SEPARATOR_COLOR
                        Color, in hex, of the line that separates each meeting 
```

## Examples
#### Example 1
Generate example_1.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service bodies 753 and 751
```
python3 scroll.py 753,751 letter example_1.pdf
```
Output: [example_1.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_1.pdf)

#### Example 2
Generate example_2.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service body 762 and its children
```
$ python3 scroll.py 762 letter example_2.pdf --recursive
```
Output: [example_2.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_2.pdf)

#### Example 3
Generate example_3.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service bodies 753 and 751, customizing the meeting font
```
$ python3 scroll.py 753,751 letter example_3.pdf --meeting-font=dejavuserif
```
Output: [example_3.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_3.pdf)

#### Example 4
Generate example_4.pdf, targeting the letter paper size, for service body 762 and its children, adding secondary 'city' headers, changing font sizes to 8, changing the width of the time and duration columns
```
$ python3 scroll.py 762 letter example_4.pdf \
    --recursive \
    --main-header-field=weekday \
    --second-header-field=city \
    --meeting-font-size=8 \
    --header-font-size=8 \
    --time-column-width=15 \
    --duration-column-width=10
```
Output: [example_4.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_4.pdf)

#### Example 5
Generate example_5.pdf, same as previous, but bookletized
```
$ python3 scroll.py 762 letter example_5.pdf \
    --recursive \
    --bookletize \
    --main-header-field=weekday \
    --second-header-field=city \
    --meeting-font-size=8 \
    --header-font-size=8 \
    --time-column-width=15 \
    --duration-column-width=10
```
Output: [example_5.pdf](https://github.com/jbraswell/scroll/blob/master/example_5.pdf)
